https://cs50.harvard.edu/ai/2024/projects/5/traffic/

To prepare the data for the Neural Network. I used OpenCV and normalized the pixel scale (0 to 1). I decided not to use grey scale sinds the color attribute is an important characteristic of traffic signs.

For the neural network I first tried to use the Neural network that was being treated in the lecture. Since this was not working properly and I only got an accuracy of around 0.1 I looked further online and found in the documentation of Tensorflow some other methods https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/images/cnn. One of the advices I got is when you use maxpooling you can increase the amount of output filter. Which will result in retrieving a richer set of features. This is what i tried an did result in more accuracy (99%). Also I tried to add another layer but this resulted in a big decline in performance in training the network. Due too testing time I decided to not explore this branch further( maybe another time). Since it seemed like my network part could not be improved further, I have been trying to play with the convolution and pooling by using Avg_Pool2D and increasing the filter output, this didn't result in any improvements.

It was interesting to learn to play with Neural networks but in all honesty I still don't understand why some changes did work and others didn't. Though it was fun to play with the different parameters and see how it changes the output of the neural network. It will be something I will return to, to learn more on how to establish better neural networks.
